board.c       Implementation of the board functions
              (evaluation, representation, etc).

board.h       Documentation and definition of all the
              board functions. 

game.h        Documentation and definition of all of the
              game objects.

bits.h        Header file with all the necessary bit operations
              for the bitboards.

move_asker.c  Implementation of the functions that 
              are responsable of generating moves
              for the players.

move_asker.h  Documentation and definition of all the
              move-asker functions.

heuristic.c   Definition of the functions that calculates a
              heuristic value over a state of a Game bitboard.

heuristic.h   Definition of the heuristic functions and constants
              that define the values returned by those functions.

Makefile      Makefile of the project. See the README.md 
              file or this file for compile options.

resources.c   Implementation of some functions that load 
              resources such as file contents and others. 

resources.h   Documentation and deeefinition of all the 
              functions at resources.c

search.c      Functions that are used for the AI's best-move
              search (minimax, alpha-beta, ...). 

search.h      Documentation and deeefinition of all the 
              functions at search.c

argshand.c    Function that manages different scenarios by the parameters
              that are given to the application.

argshand.h    Documentation and deeefinition of all the 
              functions at argshand.c

analysis.c    Functions that are used to analize a game state and search for
              the best possible move for a player.

analysis.h    Documentation and deeefinition of all the 
              functions at analysis.c

sync_game.c   Implementation of the mechanic of the syncronized multiplayer game.
              The game loops and management are done here.

sync_game.h   Documentation and definition of all of the
              functions of game.c
